Adding opsep as a task directory (#201)
ethereum-optimism/superchain-ops: tasks/README.md

# Tasks

> The name of each directory corresponds to that chains official 'short name' which can be found in [ethereum-lists/chains](https://github.com/ethereum-lists/chains/blob/37756cd15620996b6ed99bce6e95924151ad24da/_data/chains/eip155-11155420.json#L16).

Reviewer: nit + link fix
```suggestion
The name of each directory corresponds to that chains official 'short name' which can be found in the [ethereum-lists/chains](https://github.com/ethereum-lists/chains) repo.
```
